1. Forgive the mess in here, we had a party last night.
请原谅我们把这里弄乱，昨晚有个派对。

2. Sounds great, but I`ve got to go over my notes for tomorrow`s midterm.
听上去不错，但我要为明天的期中考试复习笔记。

3. What time would suit you for the first round talks with John Swith?
你什么时间方便和John Swith做第一轮会谈？

4. Well, you know my schedule. Other than this Friday, one day is as good as the next.
你知道我的行程。除了周五，其他时间都可以。

5. I ran into Sally the other day, I could hardly recognize her.
前几天碰到Sally, 我快认不出她来了。

6. I have been working out the gym since January. I was a little out of shape.
从一月份开始锻炼身体。 之前身材有些胖。

7. Next time you go camping, take some precautions, say, wearing long sleeves.
你下次野营应采取预防措施，比如说，穿长袖。

8. I would feel that way too if I were you.
如果换成我，也会有一样的感觉。

9. So it is impossible for me to make it to the bar at ten.
所以十点到酒吧对我来说是不可能。

10. Hey, Bob, guess what?
嗨Bob, 你猜怎的。

11. My biology teacher did not even let me explain why I missed the field trip.
我的生物老师都没给我解释为什么我错过了实地考察旅行(野外郊游)。

12. Nothing comes to mind right now, but I`d like to go over all the articles of the contract once more before signing it.
我现在什么也想不起来，但我想在签合同前再把所有的条款查看一遍。

13. I really don`t stand the way David controls the conversation all the time.
我真不能忍受大卫一直掌控着谈话。

14. Well, I knew she had been absent all week. So I called her this morining to see if she was sick. It turned out that her husband was badly injured in a car accident.
我知道她这一周都没来，所以我今早给她打电话看她是否病了，结果是她丈夫出了严重的车祸。

15. You are the talk of the town and the pride of our class now.
现在你是城镇谈论的话题，是我们班的骄傲。

16. If you are referring to my winning the English speech contest, I don`t think it`s such a big deal.
如果你说的是我赢得了英语演讲比赛，我不认为这是件大事。

17. The chocolate cake looks great, but I have to watch my weight.
巧克力蛋糕看着不错，但我要留意我的体重。

18. So I have to work very unsocial hours.
所以我就得在非正常工作时间工作。

19. Oh, yes, that is our busiest time. I get Wednesdays off.
噢，对，这是我们最忙的时候，我周三休息。

20. But it looks as if children were not better off in 2001 than they were in 2002.
但孩子们看上去好像在2001年过得没2002年富裕。

21. I have also travelled a bit, you know, off season when everywhere is less crowded and hotels cost less.
你知道，我也会在景点人少和旅馆便宜的淡季去旅游。

22. Yes, I know, but I have been too busy to phone him.
是的，我知道，但我一直太忙而没时间给他打电话。

23. Each speech is different, because she tailors her remarks to each audience.
每次演讲都不同，因为她为每个听众调整了她的话语。

24. They are supposed to be here by now.
他们现在本应该在这儿。

25.  It is a good thing that you called.
你打电话过来真是太好了。

26.  I happen to have an extra copy.
我刚好额外有一份。

27. Now you have seen this table of figures about the pocket money children in Britain get?
现在你已经看见关于英国的小孩得到的压岁钱的数字表格了吧？

28. Could you take a picture of me with the lake in the background?
能帮我以湖为背景给我拍张照吗？

29. My headache is killing me.
我头疼死了。

30. If only we had gone to the school dining hall.
我们要是到学校食堂就好了。

31. He probably just got holdup in the traffic.
他可能只是被交通耽搁了。

32. I wonder if you can drop by tomorrow evening.
我想你明晚顺便过来，怎么样？

33. There were more than a hundred people at Kate`s birthday party. How come she has got so many friends?
Kate生日聚会来了一百多人，她怎么会有这么多朋友？

34. They try to find ways to help solve the problems that contribute to crime in the first place.
他们尽力找出可以帮助首先解决造成犯罪的问题。

35. I just covered a few chapters which interested me most.
我只是阅读了几章我感兴趣的章节。

36.  I really can not afford any more interruptions right now.
我现在真的承受不了更多的打扰。

37.  Anyhow, let`s calm down and try to figure things out.
总之，让我们冷静下来，尝试解决这些事情。

38. I don`t care much for dessert.
我不太喜欢甜品。

39. Can you give me a hand, Mike? Could you give me a ride?
你能帮我一个忙吗，麦克？你能载我一程吗？

40. Most have worked their way up from sales representatives, and they are very proud of the role that they played in the company`s growth.
许多员工从销售代表职位往上晋升，而且他们都为公司成长中发挥的作用而非常自豪。

41. I had a hard time getting throught the novel.
通读这本小说对我来说容易。

42. I am afraid I just ran out of film. The book has been out of print for some time now.
我恐怕已经用完胶卷了. 这本书现在已经绝版一段时间了。

43. You should talk to her again and see if you can find a way out.
你应该再跟她谈谈，看能否找到解决方法。

44. I have bought some used furniture at the Sunday market. It was a real bargain.
我在周日集市上买了一些很便宜的二手家具。

45. If he has ambitious goals and is willing to put in long hours, everyone in his unit will follow his example.
如果他有雄心勃勃的目标，也愿意去投入大量时间，他团队的每个人都会以他为榜样。

101. Her household bills piled up, along with the dishes and dirty laundry, but it took near-constant complaints from her four daughters before she realized she had a problem.
他有一堆没交的家庭账单，没洗的餐具和脏衣服也堆积如山，然而在她的四个女儿不停地抱怨之后，她才意识到自己的问题。

102. A survey found an overwhelming pessimism about privacy, with 60 percent of respondents saying they feel their privacy is "slipping away and that bothers me".
调查发现，人们对隐私的悲观态度占了上风。60%的被调查者说，他们感到隐私“正逐渐消失，而这令我感到困扰”。

103. Whoever it is, they will see you in a way you never intended to be seen - the 21st century equivalent of being caught naked.
无论是谁，都会以一种你绝对不希望的方式观察你 - 在21世纪这无异于裸体相向。

104. Only an aggressive research and development might find ways of breaking our dependence on fossil fuels or dealing with it.
只有通过积极的研究和开发，才可能找到方法打破现有的对矿物燃料的依赖或解决这一问题。

105. This has also resulted in an increase in the sheer number of advertisements to which audiences are exposed.
这也使得观众能看到的（电视）广告的数量大量增加。

106. All the while, I will be reminding myself that children need room to experiment, grow and find their own voices.
我一直提醒自己，孩子们需要空间去尝试、成长和表达自己的情感。

107. And, while there is evidence that instructors must work harder to run a DL course for a variety of reasons, they won`t be paid any more, and might well be paid less.
而且，虽然有迹象表明，出于各种原因，老师在进行远程授课时必须更努力地工作，但是他们的酬劳不会增加，反而可能会减少。

108. In this age of Internet chat, videogames and reality television, there is no shortage of mindless activities to keep a child occupied.
在这个充斥着网络聊天、电子游戏和真人秀的时代，并不缺乏让小孩子沉迷的玩物。

109. I also know the pressures of trying to live up to the reputation created by previous victories.
我也知道，要维护从前的成功所带来的声望需要承受多么大的压力。

110. Telling myself that I was merely an experienced writer guiding the young writer across the hall, I offered suggestions for the characters, conflicts and endings for her tales.
我告诉自己，这无非是一个有经验的作家在引导一个新作家入门而已，我就她小说中的角色、冲突和结局给她一些建议。

111. The story about a fearful angel starting first grade was quickly "guided" by me into a tale of a little girl with a wild imagination taking her first music lession.
在我的“引导”下，这原本关于胆怯的小天使开始念一年级的故事，很快变成了一个想象力丰富的小女孩第一次上音乐课的故事。

112. Because I know very little about farm animals who use tools and angels who go to first grade, I had to accept the face that I was co-opting my daughter`s experience.
因为我对会使用工具的农场动物或上一年级的小天使知之甚少，所以我不得不承认我借用了女儿的经验。

113. While stepping back was difficult for me, it was centainly a good first step that I will quickly follow with more steps, putting myself far enough away to give her room but close enough to help if asked.
尽管不插手(放手给孩子空间成长)对我来说不容易，但这无疑是成功迈出的第一步，我很快可以学会更多，一方面让我与她保持足够的距离，以给她应有的私人空间，另一方面又可以和她足够亲近，以便能在她需要时施以援手。

114. The more students who enroll in a course but don`t come to the campus, the more the school saves on keeping the lights on in the classrooms, paying doorkeepers and maintaining parking lots.
注册了课程但不来学校上课的学生越多，学校在教室照明、支付门卫费用以及管理停车场等方面的开销就越小。

115. At 19, I began studying astrophysics, it did`t bother me in the least to be the only woman in the classroom.
19岁开始学习天体物理学时，我是班里唯一的女生，但这丝毫没困扰过我。

116. Trying to criticize writing on the fly is possibly the single greatest barrier to writing that most of us encounter.
试图匆忙地修改写作内容可能是我们大多数人在写作时遇到的唯一最大的障碍。

117. Most likely, you will believe that this will take more time than you actually have and you will end up staring blankly at the page as the deadline draws near.
你很可能会意识到，这花费的时间超过了你实际拥有的时间，你最终只能呆呆地盯着稿纸，等着截稿日期日益逼近。

118. There was a time in my life when people asked constantly for stories about what it is like to work in a field dominated by men.
在我的一生中，一度有人不断问起我，在男性占主导的领域里工作室何种状况。

119. What I do find interesting is the origin of the universe, the shape of space-time and the nature of black holes.
我真正感兴趣的是：宇宙的起源、时空的形状以及黑洞的本质。

120. While you need to employ both to get to a finished result, they can not work in parallel no matter how much we might like to think so.
当你需要运用两者以达到某一既定结果的时候，无论我们如何希望它们能并行不悖地工作，它们都无法如我们所愿。

121. It could be that the high-functioning mothers in the study had already had a strong influence on their children`s speech development, Ms Pancsofar said, "or it may be that mothers are contributing in a way we didnot measure in the study".
这项研究中那些高效的妈妈们在孩子语言发展中可能已经产生了很大的影响，潘克索法尔女士说，“也可能是母亲起作用的方式在这次研究中并未测量到”

122. And scores of online discussion boards have popped up on which people discuss negative experiences tied to too much time on Web.
网上突然出现了很多讨论区，专门讨论花太多时间上网的负面体验。

123. Bishop describes the problem as simple a matter of priorities, which can be solved by encouraging people to prioritize other life goals and plans in place of time spent online.
毕晓普把这个问题简单地形容为关于优先事项的问题，而且通过鼓励人们将其他生活目标和计划优先于上网，问题就能得到解决。

124. The new CNS Spectrums study was based on results of a nationwide telephone survey of more than 2500 adults.
《中枢神经系统频谱》上发表的这项新研究以针对全国2500多名成年人进行的一项电话调查结果为依据。

125.  About 8% said they used the Internet as a way to escape problems, and almost 14% reported they "found it hard to stay away from the Internet for several days at a time."
大约8%的人表示他们把上网当作逃避问题的方法，将近14%的人在调查中称他们“发现自己很难连续几天不上网“。

126. "I was starting to feel like my whole world was falling apart - kind of slipping into the depression", said Carla.
"我感觉好像我的整个世界正在坍塌 - 我似乎正陷入绝望的低谷。"卡拉说道。 

127."People do it at the expense of everything that was constant in their lives." Heidrich now visits websites that discuss gaming addiction regularly "to remind myself to keep my love for online games in check".
"人们以牺牲生活中不变的事物（即正常的生活）为代价来做这件事。"海德里希目前会定期访问一些讨论游戏成瘾的网站,"以提醒自己控制对网络游戏的喜爱。"

128. Placed in an insulated case and surrounded by quarter-inch-thick panels of stainless steel, the boxes can withstand massive force and temperature up to 2000 F.
黑匣子被放置在密封的箱子内，并用0.25英寸厚的不锈钢板包着，可以承受巨大的压力及高达华氏2000度的高温。

129.The study`s authors, A of the University of the waterloo and B of the University of New Brunswick, begin by citing older research showing that when people get feedback which they believe is overly positive, but they actually feel worse, not better.
这项研究的研究者包括滑铁卢大学的A以及来自不伦瑞克大学的B，他们在研究报告的开始援引了以前的研究，其结果表明，人们在得到他们认可是过分积极的反馈信息时会感觉更糟，而不是更好。

130. The paper provides support for newer forms of psychotherapy that urge people to accept their negative thoughts and feelings rather than fight them.
该论文为更新的心理治疗方法提供了支持，这种新疗法让人们去接受自己消极的想法和感受，而不是与其抗争。

131. Meditation techniques, in contrast, can teach people to put their shortcomings into a larger, more realistic perspective.
相反，静思疗法能够教人们以更广、更现实的角度来看待自己的缺点。

132. 'No one can take one-sided action', says Larid, who is exploring whether to seek an exemption from federal anti-trust laws so member colleges can discuss how they could jointly reduce merit aid.
莱尔德正在研究能否从联邦反垄断法中寻求豁免，以使成员学校可以讨论如何联合起来消减奖学金。"没有学校可以单方面行动。"他表示。

133. This is a merry-go-round that is going very fast, and none of the institutions believe they can sustain the risks of trying to break away by themselves.
这就像是一个转得飞快的旋转木马，没有任何一个学校认为自己可以承担单独行动的风险。

134. A complicating factor is that merit aid has become so popular with middle-income families, who don`t qualify for need-based aid, that many have come to depend on it.
一个复杂的因素是，奖学金已经受到那些不符合助学金条件的中等收入家庭的欢迎，很多人开始依赖奖学金了。

135. On average, fathers spoke less than monthers did, but they did not differ in the length of utterances or proportion of questions asked.
平均来看，父亲说的话比母亲少，但他们的语句长度或提问次数基本差不多。

136. Unlike physical energy, which is finite and diminishes with age, emotional energy is unlimited and has nothing to do with genes or upbringing.
身体能量是有限的，而且会随着年龄的增长而减少，而精神的能量则是无限的，它与基因和成长经历无关。

137. It`s up to you to plug the leak - even though there are always a dozen reasons to stay stuck in your dull routines of life.
是否封住漏洞取决于你 - 即使有一大堆理由让你困在无聊的日常工作中。

138. The first step in solving this meaning shortage is to figure out what you really care about, and then do something about it.
要从这种缺乏意义的生活中解脱，第一版就是，明白你真正关心的是什么，然后朝那个方向努力。

139. A real estate broker I know keeps herself amused on the job by mentally redocorating the houses she shows to client.
我认识这样一个房地产经纪人，她为了让自己心情愉悦，去给客户展示房子的时候，总会在脑子里对房子进行重新装饰。

140. But from an emotional energy point of view, they are dead weights that keep us from moving forward.
但是，从精神能量的角度来看，它们（悔恨）不过是阻碍我们前行的包袱。

141. While they can not merely be willed away, I do recommend you remind yourself that whatever happened is in the past and nothing can change that.
既然他们不可能改变，我强烈建议你提醒自己，无论发生过什么事都已经过去了，而且都已不能改变。

142. Many in-home jobs that used to be done primarily by women, ranging from family shopping to preparing meals to doing voluntary work - still need to be done by someone.
过去，许多家务事主要有女性来做的，这些事从家庭采购到准备饭菜再到一些无偿的劳动不一而足；而现在，这些工作还是需要有人来做的。

143. Perhaps it was an extreme contrast with Japanese society that prompted American firms to pay more attention to women buyers.
可能正是与日本社会的极大反差促使了美国公司更加关注女性消费者。

144. As we have seen, the focus of medical care in our society has been shifting from curing disease to preventing disease - especially in terms of changing our many unhealthy behaviors, such as poor eating habits, smoking and failure to exercise. 
正如我们所看到的，社会医疗保健的重点已经从疾病治疗转到了疾病预防 - 尤其是在改变我们很多不健康的习惯方面，比如说：不良的饮食习惯、吸烟以及缺乏锻炼等。

145. Even people who have a physical disease or handicap may be "well", in this new sense, if they make an effort to maintain the best possible health they can in the face of their physical limitations.
在这种新的定义下，只要人们在面对个人身体缺陷之时仍能尽其所能维持健康，就算身患疾病或身有残疾的人也算是身体好的人。

146. "Wellness" may perhaps best be viewed not as a state that people can achieve, but as an ideal that people can strive for.
"健康"或许最好不要被视作人们可以达到的境界，而是一种人们为之努力的理想状态。

147. People who are well are likely to be better able to resist disease and to fight disease when it strikes.
当疾病来袭时，身体好的人更能够抵抗疾病，也更有能力与疾病抗争。

148. And by focusing attenion on healthy ways of living, the concept of wellness can have a beneficial impact on the ways in which people face the challenges of daily life.
同时，多关注健康生活之道，健康的理念就会对人们应对日常生活中的挑战大有益处。

149. Nevertheless, soft-drink companies view bottled water as the next battle-ground for market share - this despite the fact that over 25 percent of bottled water comes from tap water ... 
然而，软饮料公司将瓶装水视为下一个市场份额的竞争领域 - 尽管实际上25%以上的瓶装水都来自自来水...

150. Regardless of how it is sold, the popularity of bottled water taps into our desire for better health, our wish to appear cultivated and even a longing for lost purity.
且不论销售手段，由于瓶装水利用了我们对于健康的渴望，和让我们看起来有教养的心愿，以及那一份对于久违了的纯净的渴望，因此瓶装水颇受人们欢迎。

151. People who are well are concerned with nutrition and exercise, and they make a point of monitoring their body`s condition.
身体好的人们会关注营养和锻炼，并且特别注意关注自己的身体状况。

152. The best advice is to find out what is appropriate regarding the corporate culture, the country culture and the culture of the people making the hiring decision.
最好的建议就是，找出什么东西符合该企业文化、该国文化以及有招聘决定权的人的文化。

153. A reader who is unfamiliar with these variations may assume that your resume contains errors.
一个不熟悉这些差异（英美英语不同之处）的读者可能会认为你的简历有错误。

154. Women`s education may be unusual territory for economists, but enhancing women`s contribution to development is actually as much an economic as a social issue.
对于经济学家而言，妇女的教育问题可能并不是个熟悉的领域，但实际上，加强妇女对于社会发展的贡献既是经济学问题，也是社会问题。

155. Few will dispute that educating women has great social benefits.
很少有人质疑妇女接受教育具有重大的社会意义。

156. Modern cars are far tougher to steal, as their engine management computer will not allow them to start unless they receive a unique ID code beamed out by the ignition key.
现代的汽车更不容易被窃了，因为控制发动机的电脑只有在收到点火钥匙发送的独特的身份密码后才会启动。

157. Staff at the centre will then contact the owner to confirm that the car really is missing and keep police informed of the vehicle's movements via the car's GPS unit.
中心的工作人员会联系车主，确认汽车确实丢失了，然后通过汽车上的全球定位系统使警察掌握汽车的行踪。

158. Dying and leaving young children is probably the older parents' biggest, and often unspkoen, fear.
年长的父母心中最大且最不愿提及的恐惧，就是他们过世，把年幼的孩子留在世上。

159. "My body is aging", says Metcalf. "You can not get away from that."
梅特卡夫说:"我的身体正在老化。你无法摆脱这个事实。"

160. Often, order parents hear the ticking of another kind of biological clock.
年迈的父母经常能够听见另一种生物钟的滴答声。

161. But at the core of those little fears there is often a much bigger one: that they will not be alive long enough to support and protect their child.
但是，在这些微小的恐惧背后是更为巨大的恐惧：他们害怕自己活得不够长，无法抚养和保护自己的孩子。

162. "Global" does not mean products that are consciously identified as American, but ones that consumers-especially young people - see as part of a modern, innovative world in which people are linked across cultures by shared beliefs and tastes.
"全球性"并不意味着一定是“美国制造”，而是消费者-尤其是年轻人-心目中那充满现代与创新的世界的一部分。在这个世界中，大家跨越文化，分享着彼此的想法和口味。

163. The logo, along with the company`s long-held marketing image of the 'irresistibility' of its chips would help facilitate the company`s global expansion.
其商标加上公司长期以来为薯片营造的“无法抗拒”的市场形象，将有助于公司拓展国际市场。

164. At Coffman`s request, the District Attorney has begun investigating the district`s finances.
应科夫曼的请求，地方检察官已经开始调查该区的财务问题。

165. The executives acknowledge that they try to swing national eating habits to a food created by America, but they deny that amounts to economic imperialism.
公司高层承认，他们正努力转变全世界人们的饮食饮食习惯，让全世界的人们接受美国制造的食物，但是他们否认这是经济霸权主义。

166. We are making products in those countries; We are adapting them to the tastes of those countries, building businesses and employing people and changing lives.
我们在那些国家生产食品，改进它们（薯片）的味道以迎合当地人的口味，同时我们还在创造商业机会和就业机会，并改善着他们的生活。

167. Some $36,000 has been raised in donations from Safeway.
从Safeway筹集到的捐款大约为36000美金。

168. "Rumors about what`s happening to the district are moving at lighting speed," said a student. "We wanted to know the truth, and spread that around instead".
一位学生说: "关于这一区域所发生之事的留言正飞速传播开来。我们想知道真实情况，并且传播真实情况。"

169. Humans should not try to avoid stress any more than they would shun food, love or exercise.
人们不应该逃避压力，就像不能逃避食物、爱和运动一样。

170. In a 2001 study of 158 nurses, those who faced considerable work demands but coped with the challenge were more likey to say they were in the good health than those who felt they could not get the job done.
在2001年对于158位护士的调查中，与认为自己无法完成工作的人相比，那些工作任务繁重但是成功地应对了挑战的人更倾向于认为自己健康状态良好。

171. Then there is the general, all-covering apology, which avoids the necessity of identifying a specific act that was particularly hurtful or insulting, and which the person who is apologizing should promise never to do again.         
还有一种笼统而全面的道歉方式，他可以避免谈及具体的特别伤人或辱人的言行，而这些言行正是道歉者应该保证不再发生的。

172. If you want to teach your children how to say sorry, you must be good at saying it yourself, especially to your own children.
如果你想教会你的孩子如何向别人说对不起，那么你自己必须会说，尤其是会对你的孩子说。

173. Parents who wish to teach their children to apologize should see it as a sign of strength, and therefore not resort to these pseudo-apologies.
真正希望教会自己的孩子如何道歉的家长们应该把道歉视为一种力量的体现，因此不要用虚假的道歉来搪塞。

174. A three-year-old  might need help in understanding that other children feel pain just as he does, and that hitting a playmate over the head with a heavy toy requires an apology.
一个三岁大的小孩需要在大人的帮助下才能理解别的小孩也会和他一样感到疼痛，进而知道用重玩具打了玩伴的头是必须道歉的。

175. Most people can tolerare these pressures pretty easily, but passengers with heart disease may experience chest pains as a result of the reduced amount of oxygen flowing through their blood.
大多数乘客能够轻松忍受这些压力，但是有心脏病的乘客可能会因为血液里氧气的减少而感到胸口疼痛。

176. But no one knows for sure how much the crude oil lies buried beneath the frozen earth.
但是，没有人确切地知道冰冻的土层之下埋藏了多少原油。

177. And consumers would wait up to a decade to gain any benefits, because drilling could begin only after much bargaining over leases, environmental permits and regulatory review.
消费者想获得任何收益都要等上十年，因为开采之前必须对租约讨价还价、得到环境保护许可证，还得通过管理机构的检查。

178. The player proceeded to rub his gloves across his wet T-shirt and then exclaimed, "are they wet enough now"?
那个运动员继而在他湿透的T恤上用力擦了擦手套，然后高声问道：“现在够湿了吗？”

179. In the heat of battle, players have been observed to throw themselves across the court without considering the consequences that such a move might have on anyone in their way.
在比赛进入白热化时，常发现运动员们在赛场上横冲直撞，完全不考虑撞到挡着他们路的人会有什么样的后果。

180. Many products had specially-designed labels to make them seem environmentally friendly, but in fact many of these symbols mean nothing.
很多产品都有特别设计的标签，让它们看起来是环保的，但实际上，很多这样的标签没有任何意义。

181. The ISO labeling standards ban vague or misleading claims on product packaging, because terms such as "environmentally friendly" or "non-polluting" could not be verified.
国际标准化组织制定的商标标准禁止在商品包装上使用模糊的或误导消费者的声明，因为像“对环境友好”或者“无污染”这样的字眼无法核实。

182. Operating out of a century-old schoolhouse in the village of Long Pond, Pennsylvania, the conservancy`s Bud Cook is working with local person and business leaders to banlance economic growth with environmental protection.
在宾夕法尼亚州的朗庞德村有一所上百年历史的校舍，大自然保护协会的成员巴德库克正在百般努力，试图和当地居民以及商界领袖一起努力平衡经济发展与环境保护之间的关系。

183. They value quiet forests, clear streams and abundant wildlife.
他们珍惜安静的森林、清澈的小溪和丰富多样的野生动物。

184. Not everyone who picks up a fishing rod or goes out with a gun is a sportsman.
不是每个拿着钓鱼竿或枪的人就是运动员。

185. The following are some of the things that those who would qualify for membership in the sportsmanship fraternity will do.
以下是符合体育圈资格的人会做的一些事情。

186. I am usually fairly skeptical about any research that concludes that people are either happier or unhappier or more or less certain of themselves than they were 50 years ago.
通常，我对任何提出“现在的人比50年前的人更幸福或更不幸福、更自信或更不自信”这样结论的研究深表怀疑。

187. The report cites two main causes: increasing physical isolation - brought on by high divorce rates and less involvement in community, among other things - and a growing perception that the world is a more dangerous place.
该报道引用了两个主要原因：由高离婚率和对社区活动参与的减少造成的孤独感，以及越来越多的（孩子们）认为这个世界更加危险。

188. It will help you cope with your own anxieties and provide a good model for your kids.
它有助于你克服焦虑情绪，同时也为你的孩子们树立很好的榜样。

189. It is easier to negotiate initial salary requirement because once you are inside, the organizational constraints influence wage increases.
洽谈起薪的要求相对更容易一些，因为一旦你进入了某一公司，公司的约束就会影响工资的增长。

190. One thing, however, is certain: your chances of getting the raise you feel you deserve are less if you don`t at least ask for it.
然而，有一点可以肯定的：如果你连要求都不提的话，你涨工资的机会就会比你预期的少。

301. Older people must be given more chances to learn if they are to contribute to society rather than be a financial burden, according to a new study on population published recently.
最近发表的一项有关人口的新研究指出，如果想要老年人为社会奉献余热，而不是成为经济负担，就必须给他们提供更多的学习机会。

302. And there should be more money available to support people in establishing a sense of identity and finding constructive roles for the "third age", the 20 or more years they will spend in healthy retired life.
应该投入更多可利用的钱来帮助人们建立认同感，并帮他们在“第三年龄”，即长达20年或更久的健康的退休生活，找到有建设性的角色。

303. Amid a secondary school course, a student should be interested enough in a subject to enjoy gaining knowledge for its own sake.
在中学课程当中，学生应该对学科有足够的兴趣，并基于兴趣而享受获得知识本身的过程。

304. The emphasis given to each of these funtions varies from university to university, according to the views of people in control and according to the resources available.
依照负责人的观点以及现有资源，对这些功能中各个功能的重视程度在不同大学之间各不相同。

305. Mood may be defined as a temporary and mild positive or negative feeling that is generalized and not tied to any particular circumstance.
情绪可以被定义为一种暂时的、略微积极或消极的情感，这种情感是普遍的，不依赖与任何特殊环境而存在。

306. Moods should be distinguished from emotions which are usually more intense, related to specific circumstances, and often conscious.
情绪应该与情感区分开来，情感通常会更为强烈，它与具体的环境相关，且常常是自发的。

307. In addition, advertising can influence the consumers` moods which, in turn, are capable of influencing the consumers` reactions to products.
此外，广告能影响消费者的情绪，而情绪反过来也能影响消费者对产品的反应。

308. Thus, for example, we should expect to see consumers in a positive mood state evaluate products in more of  a favorable manner than they would when not in such a state.
因此，比如，我们应该看到，消费者处在积极情绪下比处在消极情绪下更能以一种嘉许的态度评价产品。

309. Similarly, consumers operating under a given mood state tend to react to stimuli(刺激因素) in a direction consistent with that mood state.
类似地，在特定情绪状态下的消费者对刺激因素所作出的反应与这种情绪状态是一致的。

310. Almost overnight, scores of tent villages bloomed amid the region, tended by international aid organizations, military installations and aid groups working day and night to shelter survivors before the winter set in.
几乎一夜之间，这一地区涌现出了许多个帐篷村，国际援助机构、军事设施以及救援团队驻扎在这里，夜以继日地工作，以争取在冬天到来之前将幸存者妥善安排。

311. Einstein also took time off from furiously revising his equations to engage in an awkward fandango with his competitor Hilbert.
在拼命修改方程式之余，爱因斯坦还抽时间与他的竞争对手希尔伯特一起参与跳一种难看的西班牙舞蹈--方丹戈双人舞。

312. "I am curious to know whether you will take kindly to this new solution", Einstein noted with a touch of defensiveness.
"我很想知道，你是否能冷静地面对这一新的解决方案。"爱因斯坦写道，言辞中带着一丝防备。

313. He is a young, successful executive at an Internet-services company in Tokyo and has plenty of disposable income.
他是东京一家互联网服务公司年轻有为的主管，有着许多可支配的收入。

314. Half of the employers expressed worries about the employee`s basic literacy and numeracy skills, while the biggest problem is with IT skills where two-thirds reported concerns.
有一半的雇主表示对员工的基本读写和计算能力技能表示担忧，而最大的问题在于有三分之二的企业对员工的IT技能感到担忧。

315. The challenges include the fact that most people can expect to spend a third of their lives in retirement, that there are now more people over 59 than under 16 and that 11.3 million people are over state pension age.
这些挑战包括一个事实，即大多数人一生中预计有三分之一的时光将在退休状态中度过，目前59岁以上的人比16岁以下的人要多，而超过国家养老金领取年龄的人数有1130万之多。

316. 'Our historic concentration of policy attention and resources on young people cannot meet the new needs'. says the report`s author, Professor Stephen McNair.
"以往集中于年轻人的政策关注和资源分配无法满足新的需求。"研究报告的作者史蒂芬。麦克奈尔教授如是说。

317. Suda reflects a worrisome trend in Japan; the automobile is losing its emotional appeal, particularly among the young, who prefer to spend their money on the latest eletronic devices.
Suda的情况反映了日本一种令人担忧的趋势；从情感上讲汽车正在失去它的吸引力，特别是对于年轻人来说，他们宁愿把钱花在最新的电子产品上。

318. It is the species-typical behavior that sets humans completely apart from all other animals.
正是这种典型的物种行为，将人类与其他动物完全区别开来。

319. The key lies in the fact that the units of meaning, words can be strung together in different ways, according to rules, to communicate different meanings.
关键在于，意群和单词可以根据规则以不同的方式组合在一起，而从表达不同的含义。

320. Nothing defines humans so much as our ability to communicate abstract thoughts - whether about the universe, the mind, love, dreams or ordering a drink.
我们能够交流抽象的思想，无论是关于宇宙、思维、爱、梦想，还是关于点饮料，我们都能交流，这是定义我们人类的最佳方法。

321. Indeed, we are not aware of most aspects of our speech and understanding.
事实上，我们在很大程度上并不了解我们的话语和理解力。

322. Specialists in intercultural studies say that it is not easy to adapt to lives in different cultures.
专家们在跨文化研究中提出，适应不同文化下的生活不是件容易的事。

323. Since my childhood I have found that nothing is more appealing to me than reading.
从童年开始我就发现，没有什么能像阅读一样吸引着我。

324. The victim would have had the chance to survive if he had been taken to hospital in time.
受害者如果被及时送往医院的话，本来是有机会活下来的。

325. The nation`s population continues to rise at the rate of 12 million people per year.
该国的人口继续以每年1200万人的速度增长。

326. The chairman was blamed for letting his secretary take on too much work last week.
主席因上周让秘书承担了太多的工作而受到责备。

327. The bank refused to loan him any money, so he had to postpone buying a house.
银行拒绝贷款给他，所以他只好延期买房。

328. They will take a call from a persistent parent, even if they are loaded with works.
即使（儿女们）工作上忙得不可开交时，他们的父母也会经常打电话来催促。

329. Being ignorant of the law is not accepted as an excuse for breaking the law.
对法律的无知不能作为违法的借口。

330. In view of recent developments, we don`t think your scheme is practical.
考虑到最近的发展状况，我们认为你的计划是不现实的。

331. There is a living room still to be decorated, so that is my next project.
还有卧室尚待装修，这就是我的下一个项目。 

332. John cannot afford to go to university, not to speak of going abroad.
约翰连大学都上不起，更别提出国留学了。

333. Most laboratory and field studies of human behavior involve taking a situational photograph at a given time and in a given place.
大多数关于人类行为的实验室研究和实地考察都包括在给定的时间和地点随机拍摄照片。

334.  I wondered what I would do if confronted with a real midair medical emergency without access to a hospital staff and the usual emergency equipment.
我想知道，如果真的遇到空中紧急医疗事件，又没有医护人员和常规的急救医疗器械帮助的话，我会做什么。

335. Thanks to more recent legislation, flights with at least on attendant are starting to install emergency medical kits to treat heart attacks.
幸亏最近颁布了更多的法规：至少有一位服务人员的航班将配备医疗急救设备，以救助心脏病患者。

336. A word processor is much better than a typewriter in that it enables you to enter and edit your text more easily.
文字处理机比打字机好得多，因为它能让你更容易地打开和编辑文档。

337. I know you have got a smooth tongue, so don`t talk me into buying it.
我知道你很会说话，所以不要劝我买这个。

338. Playing organized sports is such a common experience in the United States that many children and teenagers take them for granted.
在美国，参加有组织的体育活动是很平常的，但是很多孩子和青少年都把它当做是理所当然的事情。

339. Can you give me even the slightest clue as to where her son might be?
她儿子可能在哪里，您能给我哪怕是一点点线索吗？

340. Norman Davis will be remembered by many with affection not only as a great schloar but also as a most delightful and faithful friend.
诺曼戴维斯将会被很多人记住并喜欢，他不仅是一位伟大的学者，而且是一位非常令人愉快和可靠的朋友。

341. This is what you should bear in mind: Don`t count on a salary increase before you actually get it.
你需要铭记于心的是:在你真正得到加薪之前，不要指望涨工资。

342. Children in low-income families and poor communities are less likely to take organized youth sports for granted because they often lack the resources needed to pay for participation fees, equipments, and transportation to practices and games and their communities do not have resources to build and maintain sports fields and facilities.
对于来自低收入家庭和贫困社区的孩子来说，参加有组织的青少年体育活动就不太可能是理所当然的了，因为他们通常缺少必要的经费去支付参与费用、设备和交通费用，而且他们的社区也没有资源去修建和维护体育场及体育设施。

343. Wise buying is a positive way in which you can make your money go further.
明智的购物行为是积极的理财方式。

344. If you keep your home, your car or any valuable possession in excellent condition, you will be saving money in the long run.
 如果你好好保养你的房子、汽车和其他值钱的东西，从长远来看，你就是在省钱了。

345. They believed strongly that democracy depended on responsibility and that a growing capitalist economy depended on the productivity of workers.
他们坚信，民主依赖于责任感，而资本主义经济的发展依赖于工人的生活力。

401. With the growing popularity of computers in China, the quality of our lives has been considerably changed.
随着电脑在中国日益流行，我们的生活质量已经发生了显著的变化。

402. Currently, there is a widespread concern on/over drug abuse.
目前人们普遍关注吸毒问题。

403. Nowadays, a heated debate about the widelife extinction is under way in China.
如今，关于野生动物灭绝的争论在中国正在逐步升温。

404. Although many people believe that computers will take charge of earth one day, but I doubt whether the argument bears much analysis.
尽管很多人认为电脑有一天会控制世界，但我对这一争议是否经得起分析表示怀疑。

405. Over the past ten years, millions of supermarkets have mushroomed all over China.
在过去十年时间里，数百万的超市在中国如雨后春笋般地出现了。

406. Different people have different attitudes towards living on campus, some are in favor of sth, while others are against sth.
对于..., 不同的人有不同的态度. 有些人喜欢..., 而有些人则反对...

407. When it comes to save water, Some people believe that the goverment should take the major responsibility, but other people argue that people waste water in their dailylives and cause water shortages, and therefore commoners should take the main responsibility.
当谈到节水问题时，大多数人认为政府应该承担主要责任，而有些人争论说，是老百姓在生活中浪费水而导致了水资源短缺，因为他们应该承担主要责任。

408. As the proverb says, is it not delightful to have friends coming from distant quarters?
有句谚语说得好，有朋自远方来，不亦乐乎？

409. A recent investigation indicates that more students depend on their parents than on themselves.
最近的一项调查表明，依赖家长的学生比自立的学生多。

410. It reveals the unquestionable fact that working at home is more and more fashionable and practical.
这揭示了一个毋庸置疑的事实，那就是在家工作已经越来越时尚，而且越来越可行了。

411. According to the statistics provided by the chart, it can be seen that fallout can occur even when the cloud can not be seen.
根据表格提供的数据，我们可以得出这样的结论：甚至在看不见云的情况下，沉降仍然有可能发生。

412.  According to a recent survey, four million people die each year from diseases linked to smoking.
根据最近的一项调查，每年有400万人死于与吸烟有关的疾病。

413. It is universally acknowledged that China has achived tremendous successes in family planning.
大家都承认，中国实行计划生育取得了巨大成就。

414. Recently the issue of healthy diet has been brought to public attention.
最近，健康饮食的问题引起了公众的重视。

415. It is hoped that we should place much emphasis on the using of air conditioners, especially in big cities like Beijing and Shanghai. 
我们应该更注重空调的使用问题，尤其在北京和上海这样的大城市更应如此，这是人们所期望的。

416. Never in Chinese history has the idea been accepted that the human beings could control the nature.
在中国的历史上，这样的观点从未被人们所接受，即认为人类可以控制自然。

417. These days we are often told that entering WTO brings us many precious chances, but is this really the case?
最近，我们得知加入世界贸易组织给我们带来了很多宝贵的机遇，但是，事实真的是这样吗？

418. There is a growing concern about the issue that youngsters are hooked on the Internet.
如今人们越来越关注青少年沉迷于网络这个问题。

419. This article focuses on the topics of quality-oriented education in the TEFL(Teaching English as a Foreign Language).
本文着重讨论了素质教育在英语作为外语的教育中的某些方面。

420. This article gives an overview of comparison and change in military force worldwide since the 1950s.
本文概述了包括20世纪50年代以来世界各国军事力量的对比和变化在内的重要问题。

421. This article compares US suburban schools which are usually good and urban schools which are typically bad and summarizes the key findings.
本文比较了美国郊区学校(通常教育质量高)和市内学校(通常教育质量低)，并且总结了主要的发现。

422. Actually, creating green campus not only contains buliding a beautiful campus environment, but also fostering a strong sense of environmental protection.
确实，创建绿色校园不仅仅要包含打造一个美丽的校园环境，而且还要培养一种强烈的环保意识。

423. I would like to meet you there and please let me know your dicision.
希望届时能见到您，请告诉我您能否出席。

424. Thank you for your letter of requesting a reference, the answers to your questions are as follows: ...
感谢你索要资料的来信，您所提问题的答案如下: ...

425. I am writing to you to recommend an experienced worker for your consideration in your search for a qualified manager.
我写信给您是为了向您推荐一位经验丰富的工人，鉴于您正在寻找一位合格的经理。

426. I am writing in response to your advertisement in China Daily of June 8.
本信件是对您刊登在6月8日的《中国日报》上的广告所做的答复。

427. Therefore, as an university student, we should play an active role in the actions aimed at the realization of green homeland.
因此，作为一名大学生，我们应该在旨在实现绿色家园的活动中发挥积极的作用。

428. I feel that it would be beneficial if you go out and take a walk every day.
我觉得，如果每天出门走走是有利的。

429. I am writing to extend my sincere gratitude for you recommendations.
谨以此信表达我对您的推荐的真诚感激。

430. I am writing this letter to express my regret for not being able to keep  our 9`o clock appointment.
谨以此信表达我对于未能赴9点之约的遗憾。

431. I would like to inquire about some information concerning their works.
我想要咨询一些关于他们的工作情况。

432. I am writing to you to complain about my dissatisfaction with your service.
我写这封信是为了投诉我对于你们服务的不满。

433. My experience in the laundry shocked me. I can handly put up with it.
我在洗衣店的经历让我十分震惊，我实在不能容忍。

434. Thank you for your recent inquiry concerning ACB gifts. To help with your gift purchases, I have enclosed our most recent catalogs illustrating many of our popular items.
感谢您近来对ACB礼品公司产品的咨询。为了帮助您选购礼物，现寄上我们最新的流行产品的清单。

435. We appreciate your interest in our products and look forward to helping you to purchase our products.
感谢您对我们产品的关注，我们期待能够帮助您购买我们的产品。

436. I am deeply interested in your graduate school in the Department of applied physics, and plan to apply for admission.
我对于贵校研究生院的应用物理系很感兴趣，想申请入学。

437. Borrowed from the Foreign Language Department Reference Library three books as follows: ...
从外语系参考资料图书馆借出如下三本书: ... ...

438. Some individuals hold a firm position that such phenomenon is beneficial to kids.
有些人深信，这类现象对孩子而言是有益的。

439. Perhaps saving all wild animals is the wrong thing, however, killing all of them might not be any better.
可能保护所有的野生动物不是正确的做法，但是，把他们都杀掉的做法也好不了多少。

440. Employees should be responsible to the companies they work for, and vice versa indeed.
员工应该对他们所服务的公司负责，反之亦然。

441. Your prompt and favorable attention to my inquiry would be highly appreciated.
如果您能尽快回复我的咨询，我将万分感激。

442. Once again, I am sorry for any inconvenience caused.
再次为给您带来的任何不便表示道歉。

443. The cause of higher prices was an increase in demand.
价格上升的原因在于需求的增加。

444. Perhaps nothing can rival the pleasure from reading.
可能没有什么可以跟阅读的快乐相媲美。

445. Citizens have the right to know the truth and supervise the celebrity, thus forming a kind of public opinion.
公民有权知道真相并监督名人，由此形成一种公共观念。
